KAGETOMO: and that is our plan.
It will not be easy.
Be very cautious.
HEIDAYU: We, as the Ninja Corps,
profess our eternal loyalty!
Glory to you, Kagetomo!
NINJA : Glory to Kagetomo!
KAGETOMO: (M)
Just you waitHanzo
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
FROGADIER: [EXERTION]
ASH: Great, Frogadier!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: They said lunch is ready
now.
FROGADIER: [HAPPY]
NARRATOR: Ash may be on a quest
to win his eighth Kalos Gym
badge, but for now, our
heroes are taking a lunch break.
SQUISHY: [SEARCHING] /
[STARTLED]
FROGADIER: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [CURIOUS]
ASH: Something wrong, Frogadier?
FROGADIER: [EXERTION]
SANPEI: Wow. Well done!
ASH: It's Sanpei! And Greninja!
SANPEI: When we saw you here, we
thought we'd sneak up
on you. But I didn't
think you'd notice us first.
You're improving, Frogadier!
FROGADIER: [GRATEFUL]
ASH: It's been a while!
It's great to see you!
SANPEI: And you, too!
SERENA: Perfect!
We just finished making lunch!
BONNIE: Why don't
you have lunch with us?
SANPEI: Uh, thank you
SQUISHY: [AMUSED]
ASH: Ninja Village?
SANPEI: That's right. You see,
Greninja and I are on our way
back home so we can be a part
of tomorrow's village festival.
BONNIE: What's it like?
Are there lots of
ninja in Ninja Village?
SANPEI: Sure! The place is
filled with ninja villagers and
Pokémon who are busy
training hard every single day.
BONNIE: So, are
there any girl ninja?
SANPEI: Of course!
They're pretty, too.
BONNIE: Wow! I really wanna go!
CLEMONT: It sounds great.
I'd like to see it, as well.
ASH: I'll bet it's
an awesome time!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
SANPEI: Well, we'd be happy
to invite all of you!
Right, Greninja?
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Now that we've settled
thatTime to have some fun!
BONNIE: Ninja Bonnie!
ASH: What's wrong?
NINJA A: Mountain.
SANPEI: River.
NINJA A: Sanpei! Welcome home!
SANPEI: It's great to be back!
NINJA A: So.
Are they your friends?
‐SANPEI: Yes!
‐NINJA B: Go see everyone!
They'll be glad you're back!
SANPEI: Right!
ASH: It's inside‐‐ a cave?
BONNIE: It's pitch black.
SANPEI: You'll
be amazed when you see it.
ASH: Awesome!
SANPEI: Welcome!
To Ninja Village!
VILLAGE MAN‐GREY BUN:
And up we go!
SANPEI: Everybody! I'm back!
GRENINJA: [CALLING]
VILLAGE MAN‐WHITE KERCHIEF:
Sanpei Hey! It's Sanpei!
VILLAGE MAN‐GREY BUN: Ippei!
Nihei! Sanpei's back!
NIHEI: Sanpei! It's good
to have you home, brother.
SANPEI: It makes me very
happy to see both my brothers
doing so well.
NIHEI: So, Frogadier
evolved into a Greninja!
SANPEI: It's
gotten really strong!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
IPPEI: And who are they, Sanpei?
SANPEI: I'd like you
both to meet my friends.
ASH: Hi there! I'm Ash.
And these are my partners,
Pikachu and Frogadier.
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
FROGADIER: [GREETING]
SERENA: Nice to meet you.
I'm Serena.
BONNIE: My name's Bonnie. This
is Dedenne, and this is Squishy.
I get to look after
both of them.
DEDENNE: [GREETING]
SQUISHY: [GREETING]
CLEMONT: I'm Bonnie's brother,
Clemont. It's nice to meet you.
IPPEI: It's nice
to meet all of you.
I'm Ippei, Sanpei's
oldest brother.
NIHEI: Yes and I'm
his other brother, Nihei.
ASH: Hi!
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
HANZO: Friends of Sanpei are
friends of ours, too!
HANZO: My name's Hanzo,
and I bid you all welcome.
SANPEI: Greetings, Chief!
I've just gotten back home!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
HANZO: Welcome back. Saizo
has told me just how hard
you two have been training.
SANPEI: Really?
HANZO: Indeed
and about your friends.
ASH: Really? He did that?
BONNIE: Hey, Clemont,
what does 'chief' mean?
CLEMONT: It means leader.
BONNIE: He's the head ninja?
That's awesome!
HANZO: Oh now, now, come
on...You're embarrassing me.
SHINOBU: Oh chief,
are you alright? Please relax.
HANZO: I'm fine. You're
sweet to be concerned, Shinobu.
Perhaps I've caught a cold
HANZO: Oops.
SANPEI: It's a
Ninja Body Switch.
BONNIE: Amazing!
DEDENNE: [IMPRESSED]
SHINOBU: My name's Shinobu,
and I'm the chief's assistant.
Nice to meet you.
BONNIE: You're a keeper!
Yay, Shinobu!
BONNIE: Will you please
take care of my brother?
DEDENNE: [INSISTENT]
BONNIE: Nobody could take better
care of Clemont than you.
You'd make me so happy!
CLEMONT: Please,
Bonnie, STOP!
BONNIE: Come on
SHINOBU: Thank you.
SHINOBU: I realize that
I look very young
So people simply assume
that I'm young, but
HANZO: Shinobu is actually
one hundred years old.
BONNIE: Why don't we
just forget about it?
SHINOBU: You're
so sweethonest, too.
Ninja are amazing.
IPPEI: It would be great
if you'd show us all how
you've grown, Sanpei.
NIHEI: And you can do that
by having a battle with me
SANPEI: Yeah!
SERENA: Nihei's the
second‐strongest ninja in the
village, right Clemont?
CLEMONT: I've heard his
strength is second only
to his brother Ippei.
NIHEI: Let's do it, Venusaur!
VENUSAUR: [APPEARING]
ASH: A Venusaur
POKEDEX: Venusaur. The Seed
Pokémon. When Venusaur
spreads out its large flower
petals and absorbs the rays of
the sun, it becomes energized.
SERENA: Oh I wonder
how it battles
NIHEI: All right, Sanpei!
I won't go easy on you!
SANPEI: I hope you wouldn't!
Okay, Greninja, use Double Team!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
NIHEI: Use Vine Whip!
Aim for the legs!
VENUSAUR: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GRENINJA: [DODGING]
NIHEI: Venusaur! Use Razor Leaf!
VENUSAUR: [RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
SANPEI: Greninja,
Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
SANPEI: Greninja!
Use Night Slash!
GRENINJA: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
VENUSAUR: [DETERMINED]
SERENA, BONNIE : Great job!
ASH: Nice work, Greninja!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
NIHEI: I see Greninja's speed
and power are on a whole
different level now.
You've become strong, Greninja!
SANPEI: Let's stay on offense!
Grenin‐ ja, use Night Slash!
GRENINJA: [NIGHT SLASH MOVE]
NIHEI: Conceal yourself
with Petal Blizzard now!
VENUSAUR: [PETAL BLIZZARD MOVE]
NIHEI: All right!
Use Razor Leaf!
VENUSAUR: [RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
GRENINJA: [STARTLED]
GRENINJA: [STRUGGLING]
SANPEI: You've got to get up,
Greninja!
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
NIHEI: Venusaur, Solar Beam!
VENUSAUR: [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
GRENINJA: [SCARED]
GRENINJA: [PAINED SHOUT]
SANPEI: Greninja!
IPPEI: That's it!
SANPEI: Greninja, be strong!
ASH: Hang in there!
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
FROGADIER: [CONCERNED]
GRENINJA: [GROAN]
SANPEI: I didn't stand a chance
against him. Not a chance.
HANZO: Indeed.
HANZO: You two left far too many
openings to beat him.
Against anyone else you
should have been able
to claim victory with your
very first Night Slash.
SANPEI: Chief? I guess
I don't understand.
IPPEI: You must not have
noticed. Venusaur skillfully
blocked your Night Slash mere
moments before it made contact.
SANPEI: It blocked
it that fast?!
NIHEI: We took the least amount
of damage and waited for an
opportunity to counterattack.
ASH: Guess I should expect that
from the number two ninja
HANZO: That said, you still
battled well against Venusaur,
who has a type
advantage over Greninja.
Quite commendable. You've grown!
SANPEI: Thank you!
IPPEI: It's easy to see that
you've trained very hard
with Greninja. And I hope you'll
keep up the good work.
SANPEI: Right!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Who would've
thought ninja boy's
home would be in that place?
JAMES: Greninja and Venusaur
ey I'll bet there are more
skilled Pokémon
in residence, too.
MEOWTH: And, if we get our paws
on that bunch, we can form a
Team Rocket nifty
ninja squad! Yeah!
JAMES: Creative. Strengthening
ourselves with ninja power!
Conquering Kalos will be like
a walk in the ninja park!
MEOWTH: Catching them
all is where it's at.
Creativity's my middle name!
JESSIE: We're going to show our
strength to the citizens
of Ninja Village, won't we?!
JAMES, MEOWITH : Yeah!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
KAGETOMO: Let us begin.
HEIDAYU, NINJA GROUP: Sir!
ASH, SERENA, CLEMONT, BONNIE :
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Venusaur!"
BONNIE: This is like a secret
base. It's so exciting!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: So you have these
natural caves for your homes!
CLEMONT: They sure look
like really comfortable
places to live.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SANPEI: Here!
Welcome to my room.
SANPEI: Please,
come right on in.
BONNIE: Wow, it's
really normal in here.
SANPEI: There's nothing
like being home.
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
FROGADIER: [CURIOUS]
ASH: Look
at that! It's Froakie!
ASH: You took
this before you left?
DEDENNE: [PLAYING]
SANPEI: Yes.
To remember
things as they were then.
SANPEI: My goal is to become
the best Pokémon trainer in the
village. But‐‐I couldn't defeat
my brother Nihei. It's clear I
won't stand a chance
against Ippei, either.
I still need to
train a lot more!
CLEMONT: So what
are your plans now, Sanpei?
SANPEI: I'm going to stay
here and train hard.
And help my
brothers out as well.
SERENA: Help them how?
SANPEI: Well, it's
been decided that Ippei
will become the next chief.
ASH: The chief?!
SANPEI: Yes. Hanzo's going to
retire
after tomorrow's village
festival.
SANPEI: From now on, my
brothers and I
will be combining forces in
order to protect Ninja Village.
ASH: Awesome. I know the
three of you will be great!
PIKACHU: [ENCOURAGING]
SANPEI: Thanks!
FROGADIER:[CURIOUS]
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Pikachu, we need to keep
getting stronger, too!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
DEDENNE: [PLAYING]
DEDENNE, SQUISHY : [SURPRISED]
[PLAYING]/[EXCITED]/ [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [PANICKED YELLING]
BONNIE: Dedenne? Squishy?
BONNIE:
That's weird
Dedenne? Squishy?
ASH: What's wrong, Bonnie?
SANPEI: Do you think
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: A trap door!
SANPEI: It's possible they
went through here and
got into the secret passageway.
BONNIE: I've gotta find them!
CLEMONT: Wait! It's too
dangerous! Sanpei!
What's down there anyway?!
ASH: Let's go down, too!
SQUISHY: [IMPACT REACT]
Got you.
SANPEI: I thought they'd be
here. I'm so glad we found you!
NIHEI: Oh. So they came
from your room then.
BONNIE: I was so worried!
DEDENNE, SQUISHY :
[APOLOGETIC RESPONSE]
CLEMONT: Excuse me.
That's my line.
SERENA: What an amazing place!
ASH: And it's
all inside a cave
NIHEI: This is a
monument dedicated to the hero
of the village.
CLEMONT: Hero?
IPPEI: Yes.
Let me show you.
ASH: Look at that!
SERENA: Wow.
I think that's a Pokémon!
ASH: Does that mean the
village hero is a Pokémon then?
IPPEI: Correct. There's a legend
that states a fierce battle
broke out between all the
ninja in our village.
BONNIE: Yeah? The ninja
were fighting other ninja?
SERENA: Why were they fighting?
IPPEI: WellThere's no way to
find out what caused it now,
but we do know the ones
who defended the village
back then were Pokémon.
IPPEI: And this Greninja was the
leader of those Pokémon.
IPPEI: Honestly? I chose Froakie
as my partner because I admired
the village hero.
I raised Froakie, who evolved
into Frogadier, and
then into Greninja
SANPEI: Yeah. It's the
same story for me, too.
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: But that Greninja
looks different
than ones I've seen before.
CLEMONT: Maybe you're right.
SHINOBU: You're
really making that sparkle.
HANZO: Yes. But in the end,
this is merely an accessory.
What really matters is having
the trust of all our villagers.
I'm certain Ippei will be fine.
HANZO: Oh my! No one makes
tea as delicious as you do,
dear Shinobu.
SHINOBU: Thank you
so much Hanzo.
JESSIE: To review we're going to
create a ruckus and then gather
the Pokémon in the square.
JAMES: Which is when we catch
them all, executing our plan
with sheer perfection.
MEOWTH: And it's
all in the bucket!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Wait.
We've got company up here?!
JESSIE, JAMES,
WOBBUFFET: Noooo!
VILLAGE MAN‐GREY BUN: Skarmory?
SKARMORY X 3:
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
VILLAGE MAN‐GREY BUN:
What's going on?!
SERENA: Huh? What's that?!
SANPEI: Oh no
NIHEI: It's the outside alarm!
IPPEI: Listen, Sanpei. You take
your friends over to the Hanzo's
place, and we'll have a look!
SANPEI: Right, Ippei! Come on!
ASH: Alright!
SKARMORY X 3:
[FLASH CANNON MOVE]
SKARMORY: [FLASH CANNON MOVE]
VENUSAUR : [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
SKARMORY: [SCREECH]
VILLAGE MAN‐WHITE
KERCHIEF: Nihei!
NIHEI: Hey is anybody hurt?!
VILLAGE MAN‐WHITE KERCHIEF: No,
I think everyone's alright!
NIHEI: Ippei, please can you
tell us what's going on here?
IPPEI: They're well trained,
for sure. Definitely not wild.
But why?!
VILLAGE MAN‐WHITE KERCHIEF:
Why? Who knows?
They started attacking
out of nowhere!
IPPEI: They're back!
IPPEI: Greninja, let's go!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
SANPEI: Chief, it's me!
HANZO: Oh, Sanpei
and your friends!
SANPEI: My brothers
told us to come to your
place and wait!
SHINOBU: Who are you?!
State your names now!
KAGETOMO: Now then Hanzo
chief of Ninja Village
You'll be coming with us.
ARIADOS: [STRING SHOT MOVE]
ASH: Oh no, Hanzo!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: You bring Hanzo back!
SANPEI: Release
our chief right away!
SERENA: Ash, NO!
‐SHINOBU: You can't go!
‐SERENA: But what about Ash?!
SHINOBU: It's too dangerous!
‐We need to find Ippei!
‐SERENA: Ippei?!
SHINOBU: Don't worry!
Come on!
SERENA:But, Ash
IPPEI: Greninja! Use
Water Shuriken now!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
NIHEI: Alright Venusaur,
now use Razor Leaf!
VENUSAUR: [RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
VILLAGE MAN‐WHITE KERCHIEF:
Simisage, Bullet Seed!
VILLAGE MAN‐GREY BUN:
Simipour, use Ice Beam!
SIMISAGE, SIMIPOUR :
[BULLET SEED MOVE]
HEIDAYU: It's the
end of the line.
JAMES: Our ruckus
is already created.
JESSIE: Oh,
what's the difference?
It'll still get the job done.
MEOWTH: Any kind of chaos
is still chaos, right?
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Simipour, Simisage,
Greninja, and
Venusaur! Conveniently
located for quick catching!
JESSIE: So the sooner we
catch them, the better!
SERENA: Ippei! The chief!
SKARMORY: [FLASH CANNON MOVE]
IPPEI: Behind you!
CLEMONT, BONNIE : Team Rocket!
BISHARP: [APPEARING]
NARRATOR: The normally
peaceful Ninja Village is
suddenly under a fierce attack
by mysterious forces.
What can they be after? And what
will become of Chief Hanzo?
The answers to come, as our
heroes' journey continues!